# Usage
<p>This job helper is using <code>requests</code> library to scrape the HTML and also </code>selenium</a> to interact with the browser. The main reason of this code is to help job seekers to optimize the job search and get higher chance to get the job.</p>
<p>First, we get the driver and store it in a selenium chrome library and store <code>txt</code> as a sign that the driver has been downloaded, so later when we run the program again it won't download the driver because we don't want that.</p>
<p> After the webdriver download is done, we are looking for the working links for pagination with the html requests and then sort the links we get with regex. We store the working links to be used in txt later and check for the existence of the sorted links if we run the code again. Then, we use the links to log in and after that we scrape the requirements in <code>txt</code> so we can construct the best reasons why we apply for the job. This code involves manual filling for the reasons why we apply for the job but it automates the login and store the requirements in a text so we don't have to go backward just to see the requirements plus it will loop through the entire links so we can apply for different jobs efficiently.</p>
<p>We store the requirements we get into two different txt files. The first file is the <code>temporary.txt</code> and the second is the <code>permanent.txt</code>. The temporary file acts as a reference for us to formulate the reasons we apply to the job and the permanent file acts as a storage of: (1) The company name; (2) The job position; (3) The requirements. So later when there is an invitation for an interview, we can look back at the permanent file and seek for the company's name and the position's we applied for. The reason we want that because with this program, we can actually apply for more than 1000 jobs if we want to. We want the permanent file to store those data we mentioned earlier so we can look back and won't forget anything. The difference between the two is the temporary file only stores data temporarily before we jump to the next page. When we are in the next page, the previous data vanish. The permanent file won't act like that but will hold the whole data we loop through.</p>
